hey this is Bastian with another full
sink walkthrough for Assassin's Creed 4
Black Flag today we are doing sequence
10 memory 1 Black Bart scan that you
have two optional objectives to stay out
of combat and to use a rope swing to
kill the captain now this particular
level is fairly lengthy and as such I
have not include the entire levels
footage in the walkthrough
however with Xbox one limiting video
lengths to five minutes this will be a
two part walkthrough so this is part one
throughout the level the objective will
be to stay out of combat so I will show
what I have found to be the best stealth
routes the objective unlocks when we
first find the Portuguese ship and have
to steal the Portuguese flag so swing
off your rope and go around the right
side of the ship is it stealthier you
won't have as many guards looking at you
wait for this guard on your right to
pass in front of you so that he will not
detect you after which you are free to
climb up the rigging and stuff Lee take
out your Scouts
up on the crows nests allowing you then
to work your way up and steal the flag
try to take this card out quietly as you
shouldn't using a throwing knife tends
to make that other guard detect you you
don't need to take him out as long as
you can get above them without being
detected
climb up the foremast here to steal the
Portuguese flag
after that dive off into the water try
to avoid detection as best as possible
here you may get spotted by the scout
you may get spotted by other guys in the
ship as soon as you get into the water
use your stealth swim so as to avoid
being detected and once you get close
enough to your ship the JAF dial you'll
be able to then I come out of the cell
swim and move on to the next point
now I haven't included these ship
segments the sailing segments because if
you are detected during those segments
you automatically fail which means it
has no bearing on the full sync
constraints for this mission so this is
the point where you need to go and find
out what's in that chest it can be some
difficult stealth right here you need to
watch out for these two guards on your
right you can either take them out or
wait for them to pass in this particular
playthrough I decided to take them out
head over here and you see that brute
over there you want to use a mazurka
dart on him so that the other guards
will be drawn over to him allowing you
to stealthily slip pass here on the
right now I've done that there's an arch
over to our right further but you don't
want to go that way as there are guards
down there you want to move over to the
left side of the arch and quickly get
into the bushes of these guards well you
know try to detect you there's another
brute use a lizard out on him I like to
desert darts on brutes because it's a
lot harder for the other guards to take
them down so it means a longer
distraction and try to make your way
over to the tower right over here I use
a sleep dirt on this agile so that he
won't detect me take him down and open
the chest all right and from there you
want to make your way back to your ship
now I'll include the rest of the
walkthrough in part two which will have
the towers where you need to take out
the scouts if you liked this video
please thumbs up down below subscribe to
my channel and as always have lots of
fun